Clarify Readme on bind volumes to avoid `apps` / `custom_apps` mishaps (#2315)
nextcloud/docker: README.md

nextcloud
```

If you'd prefer to use bind mounts instead of named volumes, for instance, when working with different device or network mounts for user data files and configuration:
```console
$ docker run -d \
-v $(pwd)/nextcloud:/var/www/html \
-v $(pwd)/custom_apps:/var/www/html/custom_apps \
-v $(pwd)/config:/var/www/html/config \
-v $(pwd)/data:/var/www/html/data \
-v $(pwd)/theme:/var/www/html/themes/<YOUR_CUSTOM_THEME> \
nextcloud
```

Here’s the same example using Docker's more detailed `--mount`. Note that with `-v` or `--volume`, the specified folders are created automatically if they don't exist. However, when using `--mount` for bind mounts, the directories must already exist on the host, or Docker will return an error.
```console
$ docker run -d \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/nextcloud,target=/var/www/html \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/custom_apps,target=/var/www/html/custom_apps \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/config,target=/var/www/html/config \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/data,target=/var/www/html/data \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/theme,target=/var/www/html/themes/<YOUR_CUSTOM_THEME> \
nextcloud
```

> The examples above use the current directory for bind mounts. If this isn't suitable, you can modify the paths by using either a relative or absolute path. Additionally, do not mix the `apps` and `custom_apps` folders. These folders contain different sets of apps, and mixing them will result in a broken installation. While upgrades\recovery may sometimes still be possible, this configuration is likely to cause issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples above use the current directory for bind mounts. If this isn't suitable, you can modify the paths by using either a relative or absolute path.

NOTE: Do not confuse the `apps` and `custom_apps` folders. These folders contain different sets of apps, and mixing them will result in a broken installation. The former contains "shipped" apps, which come with Nextcloud Server. The latter contains apps you install from the App Store.
```

nextcloud
```

If you'd prefer to use bind mounts instead of named volumes, for instance, when working with different device or network mounts for user data files and configuration:
```console
$ docker run -d \
-v $(pwd)/nextcloud:/var/www/html \
-v $(pwd)/custom_apps:/var/www/html/custom_apps \
-v $(pwd)/config:/var/www/html/config \
-v $(pwd)/data:/var/www/html/data \
-v $(pwd)/theme:/var/www/html/themes/<YOUR_CUSTOM_THEME> \
nextcloud
```

Here’s the same example using Docker's more detailed `--mount`. Note that with `-v` or `--volume`, the specified folders are created automatically if they don't exist. However, when using `--mount` for bind mounts, the directories must already exist on the host, or Docker will return an error.
```console
$ docker run -d \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/nextcloud,target=/var/www/html \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/custom_apps,target=/var/www/html/custom_apps \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/config,target=/var/www/html/config \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/data,target=/var/www/html/data \
--mount type=bind,source=$(pwd)/theme,target=/var/www/html/themes/<YOUR_CUSTOM_THEME> \
nextcloud
```

> The examples above use the current directory for bind mounts. If this isn't suitable, you can modify the paths by using either a relative or absolute path.

Author: I have intentionally put it there as `$(pwd)` so the code is actually working, but I can replace it with something like `/path/on/host/to/local/nextcloud` or similar. Can you please explain on why it shouldn't be like that (so I actually learn something :D )

> The examples above use the current directory for bind mounts. If this isn't suitable, you can modify the paths by using either a relative or absolute path.

Reviewer: Mostly to make it easier to comprehend and avoid support Issues. Yes, it makes sense, but it relies on another layer of knowledge that not every reader has.
